Testing Document

Test for opening file:
	User may choose an unacceptable file to open, this test case is used to check what happens when user open a file.
	If user open an acceptable file, the program should continue and display the questions in the file;
	Otherwise it will stop here and show an error message.
	
	The open file must be an text file, other type files cannot be opened.
	The file name must be a natural number after "Scenario_", or an "Invalid file name" error will be shown.
	The open file must be readable, if the file cannot be read, a "File error" will be shown.
	The file must describe the cell and button numbers in a special format, or an "Invalid file format" will be shown.

Test for scenario data:
	Sometimes the user may change the scenario file themselves (or there are some bugs on creating scenario file in this program),
	this test case is used to check what happens when a scenario file has been opened.
	If there is no error in the file, the program should run to the end of the file with no error.
	Otherwise it will stop and show what error happens.
	
	Cell and button numbers must be positive integer, or "Non-positive integer entered" will be shown.
	The cell and button index must contains in the range in the above line, or "Invalid index" will be shown.
	The display cell must be 8 size binary string, or "Illegal string passed" will be shown.
	The pin index must 1-8, or "Invalid index" will be shown.
	If there is some wrong data for a step, "IllegalArgumentException" will be shown.
	If the program cannot find a skip flag until the end of the file, "IllegalArgumentException" will be shown.

Test for create scenario:
	Sometimes the user may create a scenario file with no-logic data, this test case is used to check what happens when user create the scenario file.
	If there is no error, the program should create a scenario file, otherwise the file will not be created.
	
	Cell and button numbers must be positive integer, or "Non-positive integer entered" will be shown.
	The cell and button index must contains in the range in the above line, or "Invalid index" will be shown.
	The display cell must be 8 size binary string, or "Illegal string passed" will be shown.
	The pin index must 1-8, or "Invalid index" will be shown.
	If there is some wrong data for a step, "IllegalArgumentException" will be shown.
	If the program cannot find a skip flag until the end of the file, "IllegalArgumentException" will be shown.
	If the file cannot be created, an "Invalid file name" error will be shown